Add ability to use SimpleList without `primaryText` (#9172)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/SimpleList.md

`<SimpleList>` executes the functions passed as `primaryText`, `secondaryText`, and `tertiaryText` on render, passing the current `record` as parameter. It uses the result to render each List item.

## Props

| Prop | Required | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | `primaryText` | Optional | mixed | record representation | The primary text to display. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `primaryText` | Optional | mixed | [record representation](./Resource.html#recordrepresentation) | The primary text to display. |
```

Author: We usually don't include links in the props table, which is already hard to read. There should be a link ion the `primaryText` section below, though.

| `secondaryText` | Optional | mixed | | The secondary text to display. |
| `tertiaryText` | Optional | mixed | | The tertiary text to display. |

> | `linkType` | Optional |mixed | `"edit"` | The target of each item click |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `linkType` | Optional |mixed | `"edit"` | The target of each item click. |
```

| `leftAvatar` | Optional | function | | A function returning an `<Avatar>` component to display before the primary text. |
| `leftIcon` | Optional | function | | A function returning an `<Icon>` component to display before the primary text. |
| `rightAvatar` | Optional | function | | A function returning an `<Avatar>` component to display after the primary text. |
| `rightIcon` | Optional | function | | A function returning an `<Icon>` component to display after the primary text. |
| `rowStyle` | Optional | function | | A function returning a style object to apply to each row. |
| `rowSx` | Optional | function | | A function returning a sx object to apply to each row. |
| `empty` | Optional | ReactElement | | A ReactElement to display instead of the list when the data is empty. |

## `empty`

> It's possible that a SimpleList will have no records to display. If the SimpleList's parent component does not handle the empty state, the SimpleList will display a message indicating there are no results. This message is translatable and its key is `ra.navigation.no_results`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible that a `<SimpleList>` will have no records to display. If the `<SimpleList>`'s parent component does not handle the empty state, the `<SimpleList>` will display a message indicating there are no results. This message is translatable with the key `ra.navigation.no_results`.
```
